docs: don't recommend elasticsearch (#7817)
determined-ai/determined: docs/setup-cluster/elasticsearch-logging-backend.rst

 Elasticsearch-backed logging
##############################

It is possible to use Elasticsearch as an alternative to the default logging backend. In the past,

> such configuration was recommended for larger installations, but it is no longer the case.

Reviewer: It is possible to use Elasticsearch as an alternative to the default logging backend.

(remove the second sentence)

 Elasticsearch-backed logging
##############################

It is possible to use Elasticsearch as an alternative to the default logging backend. In the past,

> such configuration was recommended for larger installations, but it's no longer the case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
such a configuration was recommended for larger installations, but that is no longer the case.
```

Reviewer: We don't need the second sentence, it's ambiguous and users won't understand the reference to time (when in the past did we recommend this?).

Example configuration:

.. code:: yaml

   logging:

>    type: elastic

Reviewer 2: Indent (including everything below).

   host: "elastic.example.com"
   port: 443
   security:

>       username: "elastic-user"

Reviewer 2: Use two-space indentation.

Author: Thanks. I used the web editor before, but it seems that restructured is too picky. I'll edit again using VS Code with a linter installed.

      password: "mypassword"
      tls:

>       enabled: true

Reviewer 2: Indent.

     }
   }

> 

Reviewer 2: Remove blank line. (You can automatically apply the correct formatting by running `make -C docs fmt`, or set up your editor to apply `rstfmt` to reStructuredText files on save.)
